.TH "MemBuf" 3 "12 Sep 2009" "RInside" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MemBuf \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <MemBuf.h>\fP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBmembuf_st\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMemBuf\fP (int sizebytes=1024)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~MemBuf\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBresize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrewind\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBadd\fP (char *buf)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBgetBufPtr\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef struct \fBMemBuf::membuf_st\fP * \fBmembuf_t\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmembuf_t\fP \fBp_m\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 7 of file MemBuf.h.
.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef struct \fBMemBuf::membuf_st\fP * \fBMemBuf::membuf_t\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MemBuf::MemBuf (int sizebytes = \fC1024\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file MemBuf.cpp.
.PP
References MemBuf::membuf_st::buf, MemBuf::membuf_st::count, p_m, programName, MemBuf::membuf_st::size, and verbose.
.SS "MemBuf::~MemBuf ()"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file MemBuf.cpp.
.PP
References p_m, and verbose.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void MemBuf::add (char * buf)"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file MemBuf.cpp.
.PP
References MemBuf::membuf_st::buf, MemBuf::membuf_st::count, p_m, resize(), and MemBuf::membuf_st::size.
.PP
Referenced by RInside::parseEval().
.SS "unsigned char* MemBuf::getBufPtr ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file MemBuf.h.
.PP
References MemBuf::membuf_st::buf, and p_m.
.PP
Referenced by RInside::parseEval().
.SS "void MemBuf::resize ()"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file MemBuf.cpp.
.PP
References MemBuf::membuf_st::buf, p_m, programName, and MemBuf::membuf_st::size.
.PP
Referenced by add().
.SS "void MemBuf::rewind ()"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file MemBuf.cpp.
.PP
References MemBuf::membuf_st::count, and p_m.
.PP
Referenced by RInside::parseEval().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBmembuf_t\fP \fBMemBuf::p_m\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file MemBuf.h.
.PP
Referenced by add(), getBufPtr(), MemBuf(), resize(), rewind(), and ~MemBuf().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RInside from the source code.
