.TH "RInside" 3 "12 Sep 2009" "RInside" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
RInside \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <RInside.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBparseEval\fP (const std::string &line, SEXP &ans)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBparseEvalQ\fP (const std::string &line)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::vector< std::vector< double > > &mat, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::vector< std::vector< int > > &mat, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::vector< std::string > &vec, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::vector< double > &vec, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::vector< int > &vec, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBassign\fP (const std::string &txt, const std::string &nam)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRInside\fP (const int argc, const char *const argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~RInside\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit_tempdir\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinit_rand\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBautoloads\fP (void)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMemBuf\fP \fBmb_m\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBverbose_m\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file RInside.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "RInside::RInside (const int argc, const char *const  argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
References autoloads(), init_rand(), init_tempdir(), programName, verbose, and verbose_m.
.SS "RInside::~RInside ()"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
References verbose.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::string & txt, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 308 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::vector< int > & vec, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 298 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::vector< double > & vec, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 275 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::vector< std::string > & vec, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 286 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::vector< std::vector< int > > & mat, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 261 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::assign (const std::vector< std::vector< double > > & mat, const std::string & nam)"
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file RInside.cpp.
.SS "void RInside::autoloads (void)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
References programName.
.PP
Referenced by RInside().
.SS "void RInside::init_rand (void)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by RInside().
.SS "void RInside::init_tempdir (void)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by RInside().
.SS "int RInside::parseEval (const std::string & line, SEXP & ans)"
.PP
Definition at line 193 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
References MemBuf::add(), MemBuf::getBufPtr(), mb_m, programName, MemBuf::rewind(), and verbose_m.
.PP
Referenced by parseEvalQ().
.SS "int RInside::parseEvalQ (const std::string & line)"
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file RInside.cpp.
.PP
References parseEval().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMemBuf\fP \fBRInside::mb_m\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file RInside.h.
.PP
Referenced by parseEval().
.SS "bool \fBRInside::verbose_m\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file RInside.h.
.PP
Referenced by parseEval(), and RInside().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for RInside from the source code.
